Add Phase 5 cross-adapter verification suite (PR 18) (#725)
IABTechLab/trusted-server: docs/guide/architecture.md

**Current limitations compared to the Fastly adapter:**

| Feature                                    | Axum dev server                                                                                                                              |
| ------------------------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| KV store                                   | Unavailable — synthetic-ID and consent routes degrade gracefully                                                                             |
| Geo lookup                                 | Always returns `None`                                                                                                                        |
| Config/secret-store writes                 | Return an error (read-only via env vars)                                                                                                     |

> | Admin key management (`/_ts/admin/keys/*`) | Returns 501 Not Implemented. The legacy `/admin/keys/*` aliases are no longer registered and fall through to the publisher fallback          |

Reviewer: Automated review (P2 / Medium): this row is now stale. The current branch re-registers the legacy `/admin/keys/*` aliases to a local 404 deny handler, specifically so they do **not** fall through to the publisher fallback and leak credentials. Please update the guide to say the canonical `/_ts/admin/keys/*` paths return 501 on Axum, while legacy `/admin/keys/*` aliases are locally denied with 404 and are not proxied.

> | Admin key management (`/_ts/admin/keys/*`) | Returns 501 Not Implemented. The legacy `/admin/keys/*` aliases are no longer registered and fall through to the publisher fallback          |

Reviewer: 📝 **memo — Architecture guide no longer matches local-deny behavior**

The current code registers legacy `/admin/keys/*` aliases to a local 404 deny handler; they are not unregistered and should not fall through to publisher fallback. This row should reflect that security behavior.

```suggestion
| Admin key management (`/_ts/admin/keys/*`) | Returns 501 Not Implemented. Legacy `/admin/keys/*` aliases are denied locally with 404 and are not proxied to the publisher fallback                    |
```
